OCPVE-230: Improve README content (#333)
openshift/lvm-operator: CONTRIBUTING.md

# How to Contribute

The lvm-operator project is under the [Apache 2.0 license](LICENSE). We accept contributions via GitHub pull requests. This document outlines how to contribute to the project.

## Contribution Flow

Developers must follow these steps to make a change:

1. Fork the `openshift/lvm-operator` repository on GitHub.
2. Create a branch from the `main` branch, or from a versioned branch (such
   as `release-4.13`) if you are proposing a backport.
3. Make changes.
4. Create tests as needed and ensure that all tests pass.
5. Push your changes to a branch in your fork of the repository.
6. Submit a pull request to the `openshift/lvm-operator` repository.
7. Work with the community to make any necessary changes through the code
   review process (effectively repeating steps 3-7 as needed).

## Developer Environment Installation
TODO

## Commits Per Pull Request

> Pull requests should always represent a complete logical change. Where possible, though, pull requests should be composed of multiple commits that each make small but meaningful changes. Striking a balance between minimal commits and logically complete changes is an art as much as a science, but when it is possible and reasonable, divide your pull request into more commits.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pull requests should always represent a complete logical change. Where possible, pull requests should be composed of multiple commits that each make small but meaningful changes. Striking a balance between minimal commits and logically complete changes is an art as much as a science, but when it is possible and reasonable, divide your pull request into more commits.
```

It makes sense to separate work into individual commits for changes such as:
- Changes to unrelated formatting and typo fixes.
- Refactoring changes that prepare the codebase for your logical change.

> Even when breaking down commits, each commit should leave the codebase in a working state. The code should add necessary unit tests and pass unit tests, formatting tests, and usually functional tests. There can be times when exceptions to these requirements are appropriate (for instance, it is sometimes useful for maintainability to split code changes and related changes to CRDs and CSVs). Unless you are very sure this is true for your change, though, make sure each commit passes CI checks as above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When breaking down commits, each commit should leave the codebase in a working state. The code should add necessary unit tests where required, and pass unit tests, formatting tests, and usually functional tests. There can be times when exceptions to these requirements are appropriate. For instance, it is sometimes useful for maintainability to split code changes and related changes to CRDs and CSVs. Unless you are very sure this is true for your change, make sure that each commit passes CI checks as above.
```

Make sure to update the bundle manifests after making changes:

```bash
make bundle
```

## Commit structure

> LVM Operator maintainers value clear and explanatory commit messages. So by default each of your commits must follow the rules below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
LVM Operator maintainers value clear and explanatory commit messages. By default, each of your commits must follow the rules below:
```
